Veronica Ni
Designer & Programmer

About
Skills
Projects
Experience
Contact

Social Links

Hi!
I have a background in creative advertising and motion graphics, where I've designed for web and television animation, events, photo shoots, installations, digital and print media campaigns, and more.

Then I took a break, moved to a tiny city in Japan where I taught English to awkward teenagers, picked up conversational Japanese to fight my gas company, and started learning programming basics. Fast forward to today, and you have a software engineer with the technical and design chops to bring a spark of creativity to all your engineering needs.

I enjoy cooking 🥘, playing video games 👾, tending to a modest plant collection 🪴, cycling 🚲, and reading science fiction and fantasy books 🐉.

Experience

Assistant English Language Teacher
JET Program, Japan
2021 - 2023

Developed online resources and introduced digital technology to supplement traditional course materials.
Collaborated with colleagues to design and administer lesson activities
according to curriculum standards.
Organized community activities and provided advice on cultural
adjustment and daily living as an area leader volunteer.

Art Director, Designer
Black Math, Boston
2016 - 2020
Worked with producers, animation directors, and creative directors to
establish design systems for client projects.
Spearheaded art direction for projects of various scales and styles, and
worked with design team to maintain style consistency and quality.
Researched, developed, and introduced design methodologies to
increase workflow efficiency.
Clients included: Aetna, America’s Test Kitchen, Arnold, Bai Brands,
Earth Shoes, Facebook, Harvard Business School, Hill Holliday,
Instagram, Kellogg’s, MullenLowe, Museum of Fine Arts, National
Geographic, Reebok, Starbucks, The Ad Club

Lead Artist
MassDigi Innovation Program, Worcester
2015 - 2015
Developed a mobile game from start to launch on iOS and Android in a
team of programmers, artists, and producers.
Oversaw art direction and production of art assets for implementation
into Unity.
Ensured optimization of assets according to game-standard
specifications, and collaborated to solve UI, design, and technical
challenges.

Contact
Feel free to say hi or ask any questions! I can be reached at:

veronicani@gmail.com

Or use the handy dandy form below:

Your Name
Email
What's your message?

Submit

Drafted in Figma, built with Visual Studio Code. Copyright 2023 by Veronica Ni, all rights reserved.



